no no no sir I can't get it get it again
dude oh hi troops how you don't die be
sittin sis this up for here take a look
at it see this this is the word steel
still yeah that's it that is now this
ain't this feel like in the medic now I
need to steal like human double edge
super clean dynamic steel razor blades
none of that malarkey now this is the
other kind of Steel like if you you know
it takes something to dump belong to you
or your rip something off that's this
kind of Steel yeah now take a look over
here at these two lines see them right
here you notice the E and the a are a
different color than the other letters
in a word yeah you can see that that's
easy not display now the reason we've
done that is cause II a a lot of times
when they're together make this sound e
as in steel yeah so we're going to be
checking a lot of this stuff out today
so I want you to pay attention to this
and I know it's a drag but you ain't
doing nothing are you okay oh well I
resist teaching the troops out there how
to spell steel oh oh you were teaching
them how to spell T that's a t you know
like in one lump or two
yeah I bet they're different with you
sweetie Tekelec assailants fear not
disruptive yes where is it c est fini
Hey Oh somebody stole steel or not come
on J Arthur what are you carrying on
about carrying on about the s and the L
are missing from the end of my work call
police oh now come on you are not gonna
call the police just because somebody
stole a couple letters are you oh well
let me show you a trick
police well jail but jail
down none listen whoever stole those
letters from you they were just probably
trying to tease you tease me ah terrific
you know how long it took me to do this
these things are heavy
I've been lugging these things in here
ha what's that
ah jeez you see ya know what bugs me
still can't figure out who it is who
could have snuck in and did all this
what are we seeing I can't say for sure
but it sounds like your friendly
neighborhood you-know-who
oh are you referring to our own
legendary wall climber the great web
slinger of your spider-man what am i
some kind of a meatball
now goodness look everybody knows
spider-man don't really exist he's just
a guy in a kenick funny books like the
cartoons in elected office suit yourself